Instructions

Answer the following questions:

In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India?
250

In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX?
9

In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors?
0 for 404 Errors; 0 for 503 Errors

In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website?
China

Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity?
12 - 1 PM

List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).
gz - An archive file compressed by standard GNU zip; primarily compresses a collection of one or more files and commonly used on Unix operating systems
zip - a compressed file; generally a collection of one or more files and folders compressed into a single file for easier transportation. 
css - a cascading style sheet used to format contents of a webpage; generally contains customized, global properties for how to display HTML elements. They can define size, color, font, line spacing, indentation, borders, and location of HTML elements. 
deb
rpm



Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.

Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?



Filter the data by this event.

What is the timestamp for this event?
What kind of file was downloaded?
From what country did this activity originate?
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor?



Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.

What is the source IP address of this activity?
What are the geo coordinates of this activity?
What OS was the source machine running?
What is the full URL that was accessed?
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate?



Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.

What do you think the user was doing?
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for?
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity?
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidlines?



