Domain: Network Security
Question 1:  Faulty Firewall

Suppose you have a firewall that's supposed to block SSH connections, but instead lets them through. How would you debug it?
Make sure each section of your response answers the questions laid out below.


Restate the Problem
A firewall is allowing any SSH connection to go through instead of only allowing authorized SSH connections. 


Provide a Concrete Example Scenario

In Project 1, did you allow SSH traffic to all of the VMs on your network?
When setting up my Azure virtual network, I only allowed SSH access into the Jump Box Provisioner Virtual Machine and the Ansible docker container with two different SSH keys. 
Which VMs did accept SSH connections? 
From my personal computer, I ssh to the Jump Box. From the Jump Box, I ssh into either Web 1 or Web 2 Virtual Machines.
What happens if you try to connect to a VM that does not accept SSH connections? Why? 
If there is an attempt to SSH into a machine, virtual or otherwise, that does not authorize an SSH pairing, it will not work due to firewall policies. 


Explain the Solution Requirements

If one of your Project 1 VMs accepted SSH connections, what would you assume the source of the error is? 
I would first want to check the Network Security Group's Inbound rules to see which ones are allowing the connections, such as the SSH rule or the 'AllowVnetInBound' rule. 
Which general configurations would you double-check? 
I would check the Inbound Rules to see if any of them were set to SSH authorization depending on the IP address that was placed to be authorized.
What actions would you take to test that your new configurations are effective? 
After making the necessary adjustments to the rules, I would attempt to SSH from the authorized machine and a non-authorized machine.



Explain the Solution Details

Which specific panes in the Azure UI would you look at to investigate the problem? 
Network Security Group
Which specific configurations and controls would you check? 
Inbound Security Rules
What would you look for, specifically? 
A rule that only allows SSH via an authorized IP or authorized IPs set by the user or the company. I would also require keypairs to be generated and refreshed every 3 months to ensure security. 
How would you attempt to connect to your VMs to test that your fix is effective? 
I would use an authorized machine/IP address and a non-authorized machine/IP address to test the connections. 



Identify Advantages/Disadvantages of the Solution


Does your solution guarantee that the Project 1 network is now "immune" to all unauthorized access?
My solution would guarantee that as long as the keypairs were kept secure, only the authorized users would be able to access the network.


What monitoring controls might you add to ensure that you identify any suspicious authentication attempts?
I would attempt to create an ELK virtual machine to study abnormal behavior via Filebeat and Metricbeat. I would also attempt to enable snort alerts whenever there was a threatening activity. 
